feat: Introduce Reverification (#1726)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/references/nextjs/auth-object.mdx

  ---

>   - `factorAgeVerification`

Author: Very nice catch

>   - `[number, number] | undefined`

Reviewer: because you're looking at the completely wrong file. that's not the file for the auth object. that file is titled `ssr`

>   - `[number, number] | undefined`

Reviewer: https://github.com/clerk/javascript/blob/main/packages/nextjs/src/app-router/server/auth.ts

  - `string`

  The permission to check for.

  ---

  - `reverification?`
  - <code>[ReverificationConfig](#reverification-config) | [ReverificationCustomConfig](#reverification-custom-config)</code>

  The reverification configuration to check for.
</Properties>

#### `ReverificationConfig`

The type is an alias for `“strict_mfa” | “strict” | “moderate” | "lax”`.

| Level | Description |
| - | - |

> | strict\_mfa | User should have verified credentials in the past 10 minutes, otherwise ask for both first factor and second factor |
> | strict | User should have verified credentials in the past 10 minutes, otherwise ask for second factor |
> | moderate | User should have verified credentials in the past 1 hour, otherwise ask for second factor |
> | lax | User should have verified credentials in the past 1 day, otherwise ask for second factor |

Author: ```suggestion
| strict\_mfa | Requires the user to have verified their credentials within the past 10 minutes. If not, prompt for both the first and second factors. |
| strict | Requires the user to have verified their credentials within the past 10 minutes. If not, prompt for the second factor. |
| moderate | Requires the user to have verified their credentials within the past hour. If not, prompt for the second factor. |
| lax | Requires the user to have verified their credentials within the past day. If not, prompt for the second factor. |
```

}
```

#### `has()` reverification example

In the following example:

> - `has()` is used to check if the user has the verified their credentials in the last 10 minutes.

Author: ```suggestion
- The `has()` method checks whether the user has verified their credentials within the last 10 minutes.
```
